Data Source Suggestions for Portfolio 4
Suggested Data Sources
Kaggle
UCI Machine Learning
WHO Global Observatory data repository is a WHO's gateway to health-related statistics. The data is used to monitor progress towards the sustainable Development Goals. You can get data for exploring and building models related to health.
Socrata-OpenData is a portal that contains multiple datsets. The good thing about Socrata is that data is available in raw format, means that you need to clean datasets before building any predictive model.
Data.Gov is a large dataset aggregator and the home of the U.S. Government’s open data. There are variety of datasets that will be really interesting to you for your projects. This is a great site for data-driven journalism and story-telling.
Transport for NSW makes data available on the use of its services including the use of Opal cards on buses, trains and ferries.
The Australian Bureau of Statistics publishes many datasets including the Census. Their TableBuilder service allows you to customise the data you want from the census and download it in a usable format. 
The Australian Electoral Commission publishes data on historical election results. These include counts of votes in individual electorates.
The Australian Tax Office (ATO) publishes some datasets on what people earn. For example this dataset showing what deductions people make on their tax in different postcodes.
The NSW Department of Family and Community Services publishes data on rental and house sales in different postcodes.  Historical data is available and each report includes data on the rate of change of prices etc.  
The Macquarie Park Smart Cities project collects data on pedestrian movements in the Macquarie Park area. Data is available for multiple sensors every 15 minutes through the day and shows the number of pedestrians, temperature and humidity. Data is available from December 2018 until now, covering the time that the train station was closed. (Note - I've asked them for data on the locations of the monitoring stations).
Sample Portfolio Ideas
Use the Opal usage data from Transport NSW to show the different patterns of use of bus, rail and ferry in different parts of Sydney.  Link this to demographic data from the Census to see if there is any relationship between, for example, average income, average age (or age in different ranges) or other factors with the usage of different transport modes. Can you predict the number of tap-on events at a stop or train station based on, for example, the number of tap-off events at nearby locations? Maybe this works for some places and not others (eg. Epping Station vs. somewhere that is not a transport hub).  Can you predict volume of use of public transport from demographic data (income, age).
Use the data from the 2019 election to show the pattern of voting around the country. Link this with data from the Census to look at the relationship between demographic features (age, income etc) and the proportion of the vote for each party in different electorates or postcodes.  Can you predict the outcome of the vote in a postcode based on demographic data?
Use the rent and house sales data to look at how different postcodes vary in the relationship between house sales (eg. the number or average price) and rental agreements signed. Are these related to the demographics of the area derived from Census data. Since the housing data is provided as a snapshot in time, take a number of these snapshots and generate some time-series data for some target postcodes. Can you predict either rental numbers or house sales from any of the demographic features from the census data or other sources?
The ATO data gives you details of what deductions people make on their tax. Does this allow you to predict the use of public transport (from Opal data) or the proportion of renters in a postcode?
You have a number of different pieces of data for different postcodes.  Can you use this to cluster postcodes and find those that are similar to each other? Does this just give you clusters in the major capital cities or something more surprising? Can you find the Melbourne suburb that is most like a suburb in Sydney? Are the clusters different if you use different sets of input data? Can you use the data on a suburb to predict which state it is in or whether it is in a captial city, regional centre or is rural?
Use the Smart Cities pedestrian data to analyse the patterns of pedestrian traffic in the area. Can you see differences before and after the opening of the new train service? Is there a relationship between temperature/humidity and pedestrian traffic? Is there a relationship between the numbers seen at monitoring points that are close together? Can you relate any of this data to Opal usage data?
The World Health Organisation (WHO), along with John Hopkins University (JHU) collects data related to COVID-19 and provide insights in the form of dashboard. Can you collect COVID-19 dataset from various sources and try to explore how the number of cases are increasing in different countries? Does partial and complete lockdowns have any effect in decreasing number of cases? Are the cases rising due to community transmission or due to overseas travel?
Uber, a ridesharing and food delivery service company releases its data. Can you download data about trips during various months and explore it. Can you find out what are the peak months in a year? What are the peak days and hours? What factors contribute to increase in number of rides? Does weather or special events have any impact on numbers?
COVID-19 has its huge impact on the economy. Can you show the global economic impact of corona virus? Can you find any relationship between stocks and COVID-19 confirmed cases around the world? Do stimulus packages by governments have any positive impact on stocks?